the
guys from fermacell will be on
all seams with a special
cartouches glue connected
The glue is applied before the assembly
edges on a single edge
then the plates can be applied
directly on the metal struts of the
pre-wall installation be bolted
best for this work the to
system belonging to fast build screws
with drill head use
one uses screws without having to head
with a 3 millimeter metal bora in front
to be drilled there the metal stand
is quite massive takes the before and
screwing process relatively long for the
cladding the rear space
disguise I have an evening
However, the plates need to be
be tailored beforehand
best so that the bumps as possible
to be centered on the medium-sized companies
come
After that, the excess glue is added
a spatula repelled at the joints
all joints are completely filled right
still the failed glue to the
to see joints
breakthroughs we have here in the toilet
element cut out accordingly
Become a hole saw and possibly
A jigsaw use all insert
tools are after this work
but dull and need as
wear part are considered
this also applies to the big cuts
the circular saw
the total effort for this work
was around three days